oh don't ileana for you he doesn't know
what you really are well she has done is
usually to do her dirty work now she's
asking you to give up your heritage your
destiny indeed I seem to be surrounded
by women who want things from not for me
my love for both of us and believe me
what I want you'll be happy to give dunk
this one is quite a survivor finally I
was worried that the necromancers are
done for you they're all over the city
you know a way to get through the battle
to the Necropolis not me my cousin Percy
he knows every inch of the tunnels and
sewers under the city I told him about
you in case something happens healthy
no Duncan oh well he was quite a
survivor
look
ah
you
we've got trouble
hey you must be Sarah yes and you'd be
Percy can you lead me to the Necropolis
Oh through the aqueduct I'll used to
work on the aqueduct there's a path
through the flow vowels how do we get
there how tell me quickly come on so
forceful there's a cyclops sitting right
across the path no one's getting
anywhere with him there get me to the
valve control house and I'll get you
inside but now there's an undead Cyclops
outside I'm not going unless you can
kill in find another route or lead it
away while I cross to the other side of
the square I'll take care of them save
your strength for haren tier
oh that thing smells like dead meat of
course it's been it serves errant here
now anchor the I
me
I think I've learned a lot
stover such power
great job let's go
you